This document details settings and functionality of v1.0 of the DotNotStandard.Validation package.

This is historical detail; this information DOES NOT APPLY to newer versions of the package.

# Use Under WebAssembly
WebAssembly does not support synchronous data access, which is the default data access method for the data annotations framework that this library integrates with. 
To overcome this limitation, you *must* initialise the validation subsystem asynchronously before use, using the following code fragment:

```
await ValidationSubsystem.InitialiseAsync();
```

In Blazor WebAssembly, this is best done in the OnInitializedAsync method of App.razor, using this code:

```
protected override async Task OnInitializedAsync()
{
    await base.OnInitializedAsync();
    await DotNotStandard.Validation.Core.ValidationSubsystem.InitialiseAsync();
}
```

This initialisation step is only required in circumstances where synchronous data access is inappropriate or unsupported. 
Initialisation disables refreshing of data when accessed through synchronous methods, such as when using the data annotations attributes on your business classes. 
Data is effectively cached indefinitely in this mode. This has the disadvantage that changes to the validation rules in the data store will not be used in the application until it is restarted. 
If you use a repository that enables you to make rapid changes, you lose the benefit of those rules being deployed more quickly. 
This opens you to a little more risk as those changes may have been made to fix a security issue, but is the only option in an environment where synchronous data access is not supported.
